Step 1: Start the rehearsal. You see a classroom, not a menu puzzle. Study the room as a practice space. Feel that mistakes are expected data.
Step 2: Open the demo gate. The public taste demo keeps spoken student lines silent, while voice-enabled review sessions use a passcode.
Step 3: Read the first screen calmly. Class sign-in is for assigned courses. Settings explains whether voice is protected, unavailable, or enabled.
Step 4: Use the Mission Hub as a learning map. You see START HERE, badges, and locked missions. Study badges as practice goals, not prizes only.
Step 5: Before playing, notice Settings and Import. Settings show sound effects, voice status, text size, motion, and dialogue speed.
Step 6: In the classroom, look at students and the objective checklist. Study attention, composure, participation, wait time, and disruptions as live teaching signals.
Step 7: Move near students and press Z, Enter, or Space. You are not collecting points; you are deciding when to enter a student thinking moment.
Step 8: In an Encounter, read the student's words first. Study the hidden need: confusion, dominance, avoidance, anxiety, or off-task behavior.
Step 9: Choose a teaching move. Elicit asks for reasoning, Extend presses deeper, Revoice clarifies, and Wait protects thinking time.
Step 10: Use social moves carefully. Connect draws on student assets, Praise names useful effort, Redirect protects order, and Tell gives an answer but reduces practice.
Step 11: After each move, read the result chip. Study what changed: understanding, engagement, rapport, and order. Feel the classroom respond to your decision.
Step 12: At the debrief, do not just check pass or miss. Study the missed-objective tip and name what you noticed before replaying.
Step 13: Treat replay as deliberate practice. Pick one focus, such as wait time or reaching quiet students, then try again with a clearer teaching intention.
The point is to see the classroom, study your choices, and feel how teaching moves change student thinking.